fix bug in momps (#172)
assemblerflow/flowcraft: changelog.md

## Changes in upcoming release (`dev` branch) 

### Bug fixes

> - Fix bug in `momps`componentrelated to added in the introduction of the clean input parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug in `momps`component related to added in the introduction of the clear input parameter
```
